README.md, before:

# :smirk_cat: YANC- Yet Another Node Collection

This is another node collection for ComfyUI. It includes some basic nodes that I find useful, and I've also created them to meet my personal needs.

## Important Updates

**2024/04/08**: Added an option to warn the user if files will get overwritten. Added a "Scale to Image Side" node.

**2024/04/04**: Added nodes: "Int to Text", "Int", "Float to Int".

**2024/04/03**: First Commit.

## Installation

Download or clone this repository into your `ComfyUI/custom_nodes/` directory or use the ComfyUI Manager's "Install via Git URL" functionality.  That's it!

Please keep your ComfyUI up to date to ensure that everything is working well.

## Video Tutorial

Not yet done, but you can have a look at my German ComfyUI tutorial channel here: [A Latent Place][youtubelink]

You can also find me on [Discord][discordlink].

## Nodes Overview

### Image
- **Rotate Image**: Rotates an image and outputs the rotated image and a mask. Use ImageCompositeMasked (ComfyUI vanilla node) to combine it with another image.
- **Scale Image to Side**: Scales an image to the selected side (width, height, shortest, longest). Let's you apply a modulo if needed.

### Text
- **Text**: A simple multiline text node.
- **Text Combine**: Combines two text inputs. The "delimiter" is optional. "add_empty_line" adds an empty line between "text" and "text_append".
- **Text Pick Random Line**: Picks a random line from a multiline text input. Set the seed to fixed if you want to stop the random picking.
- **Clear Text**: Empties the text by the given chance (0.0 = 0%, 1.0 = 100%)
- **Text Replace**: From the given text input it replaces the "find" text with the "replace" text.
- **Text Random Weights**: Takes text separated by a new line from a multiline text node and adds random weights to each of the lines. The output will be concatenated, delimited with ",". You can specify the min and max values of the weights which are randomly applied. To stop the random assignement you can set the seed to fixed.
- **Load Image**: Basically the same like the ComfyUI vanilla node, but with a filename output. You can chose to strip or keep the file extension.
- **Save Image**: For saving images you can additionally specify a target folder. This folder will be created inside your output directory. You also can decide to include the metadata (like the workflow) in your image. **IMPORTANT**: When connecting the filename_opt input (which is optional) you need to know, that the filename is no longer dynamically generated. This means your images will be overwritten as long as the filename_opt does not change!
- **Load Image From Folder**: Loads randomly or iterative an image from the specified folder. If "image_folder" is kept empty, the node will load a random image from the `input` directory. If a "image_folder" is specified, this folder must be present inside of the `input` directory. By connecting a primitive to the "index" input and setting it to value 0 and increment, the node will iterate through the images in the specified folder. In order to reset the index put the primitive then back to 0.
- **Int to Text**: Converts an integer to a text output. By enabling "leading_zero" you can specify with "length" the length of the ouput string. Example output: 00010.

### Basic
- **Int**: A simple integer output node.
- **Float to Int**: Converts a float value into an integer value. Functions are: round, floor, ceil.

## Demo Workflows

Demo workflows can be found in the examples folder.

## Credits

- [ComfyUI][comfyuilink]


[youtubelink]: https://youtube.com/@alatentplace
[discordlink]: https://discord.gg/WWsZSnWr89
[comfyuilink]: https://github.com/comfyanonymous/ComfyUI

Commit message:

Added "Resolution by Aspect Ratio"

README.md, after:

# :smirk_cat: YANC- Yet Another Node Collection

This is another node collection for ComfyUI. It includes some basic nodes that I find useful, and I've also created them to meet my personal needs.

## Important Updates

**2024/04/14**: Added the "Resolution by Aspect Ratio" node.

**2024/04/08**: Added an option to warn the user if files will get overwritten. Added a "Scale to Image Side" node.

**2024/04/04**: Added nodes: "Int to Text", "Int", "Float to Int".

**2024/04/03**: First Commit.

## Installation

Download or clone this repository into your `ComfyUI/custom_nodes/` directory or use the ComfyUI Manager's "Install via Git URL" functionality.  That's it!

Please keep your ComfyUI up to date to ensure that everything is working well.

## Video Tutorial

Not yet done, but you can have a look at my German ComfyUI tutorial channel here: [A Latent Place][youtubelink]

You can also find me on [Discord][discordlink].

## Nodes Overview

### Image
- **Rotate Image**: Rotates an image and outputs the rotated image and a mask. Use ImageCompositeMasked (ComfyUI vanilla node) to combine it with another image.
- **Scale Image to Side**: Scales an image to the selected side (width, height, shortest, longest). Let's you apply a modulo if needed.
- **Resolution By Aspect Ration**: Based on the input image, the node calculates the aspect ratio of it and return the closest matching resolution for either SD 1.5 or SDXL.

### Text
- **Text**: A simple multiline text node.
- **Text Combine**: Combines two text inputs. The "delimiter" is optional. "add_empty_line" adds an empty line between "text" and "text_append".
- **Text Pick Random Line**: Picks a random line from a multiline text input. Set the seed to fixed if you want to stop the random picking.
- **Clear Text**: Empties the text by the given chance (0.0 = 0%, 1.0 = 100%)
- **Text Replace**: From the given text input it replaces the "find" text with the "replace" text.
- **Text Random Weights**: Takes text separated by a new line from a multiline text node and adds random weights to each of the lines. The output will be concatenated, delimited with ",". You can specify the min and max values of the weights which are randomly applied. To stop the random assignement you can set the seed to fixed.
- **Load Image**: Basically the same like the ComfyUI vanilla node, but with a filename output. You can chose to strip or keep the file extension.
- **Save Image**: For saving images you can additionally specify a target folder. This folder will be created inside your output directory. You also can decide to include the metadata (like the workflow) in your image. **IMPORTANT**: When connecting the filename_opt input (which is optional) you need to know, that the filename is no longer dynamically generated. This means your images will be overwritten as long as the filename_opt does not change!
- **Load Image From Folder**: Loads randomly or iterative an image from the specified folder. If "image_folder" is kept empty, the node will load a random image from the `input` directory. If a "image_folder" is specified, this folder must be present inside of the `input` directory. By connecting a primitive to the "index" input and setting it to value 0 and increment, the node will iterate through the images in the specified folder. In order to reset the index put the primitive then back to 0.
- **Int to Text**: Converts an integer to a text output. By enabling "leading_zero" you can specify with "length" the length of the ouput string. Example output: 00010.

### Basic
- **Int**: A simple integer output node.
- **Float to Int**: Converts a float value into an integer value. Functions are: round, floor, ceil.

## Demo Workflows

Demo workflows can be found in the examples folder.

## Credits

- [ComfyUI][comfyuilink]


[youtubelink]: https://youtube.com/@alatentplace
[discordlink]: https://discord.gg/WWsZSnWr89
[comfyuilink]: https://github.com/comfyanonymous/ComfyUI
